---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---
This week was all about deep-diving into comprehensive data analysis, immersing ourselves in the rich tapestry of literature reviews. Our exploration spanned a spectrum of topics, each shedding light on crucial themes within our field.

Our focal point was the meticulous exploration of Bias Identification in ASR for Black AAE Speakers. We delved into the intricacies of bias detection, employing metrics like Word Error Rate (WER). The emphasis was on understanding the nuanced impacts of non-severe bias on inclusion, particularly in the context of this unique linguistic landscape.

Simultaneously, we embarked on a journey into Inclusive ASR/NLP Design Strategies, uncovering a wealth of practices, approaches, and considerations tailored for inclusive design. At the core of our exploration was a commitment to fostering diverse linguistic and cultural representation within user interfaces, acknowledging the vibrant mosaic of linguistic diversity.

Our inquiry extended to Inclusive Approaches, Methods, and Theories, where we navigated through various research methodologies (quantitative/qualitative), theoretical frameworks (critical race theory, decolonization), and participatory approaches such as community-based research—all aimed at cultivating inclusivity within ASR/NLP.

Lastly, we wrapped up the week by synthesizing Practical Recommendations for Inclusive Design, offering tangible strategies, processes, and practices for designing ASR/NLP systems that embrace and celebrate diverse linguistic and cultural patterns. Our efforts also included honing our presentation skills to effectively communicate our findings to a broader audience.
