---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


During Week 1, I began this week with by familiarizing myself with the research topic and goals for the
week. The main objective was to implement a cross-validation process with PhD student 
collaborators to emphasizing transparency. To achieve this, I created a validation process for 
validating inclusion criteria sourced from relevant papers. 

First, I focused on understanding the comprehensive inclusion criteria. These criteria played a crucial role in guiding our paper selection process, ensuring the inclusion of diverse perspectives
and voices, particularly from African-American speakers of African-American Vernacular English
(AAVE). My considerations encompassed factors such as demographics, language variety, research 
methodology, and relevance to ASR and language technologies.

With the inclusion criteria established, I proceeded to conduct an extensive literature validation  search.This involved exploring databases, academic journals, and conference proceedings to identify papersof relevance. Each paper underwent a  review process  to assess its alignment with the inclusion criteria. This critical step allowed us to filter and select papers that would significantly contribute to our research objectives.

To streamline and maintain consistency in the validation process, I opted to use a structured form or checkboxes. These tools enabled us to methodically evaluate each paper against the inclusion criteria. Moreover, I supplemented these checkboxes with validating questions tailored to address both the inclusion criteria and research questions (RQs). This approach ensured that the validation were comprehensive and aligned with the overall objectives of the project.


