---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

For the literature review, we  analyzed the charted evidence,  meta-findings that formed a foundation for our paper idea. The process extended to a thorough review of the data analysis protocol specifically tailored for focus group data. This phase was characterized by a dynamic interplay of trial and error, emphasizing our commitment to refining our methodologies for robust insights.

The research question for this week was Which approaches, methods, and theories have been employed to explore inclusive ASR/NLP for Black AAVE speakers? The diversity of approaches encompassed both quantitative and qualitative methods. Quantitatively, we explored statistical analysis, Word Error Rate (WER), and comparative analysis, while qualitatively, we engaged in empirical inquiry through interviews, surveys/questionnaires, focus groups, observations, user-centered design, cooperative inquiry, co-design workshops, and community-based research.

Theu had alot of theories in our exploration included critical race theory, addressing the intersectionality of HCI/NLP/Ling, accessibility and speech dysfluencies, decolonization, the Power Dominatrix (Patricia H. Collins), Black Feminist Epistemologies, and Design Justice. This expansive framework reflects our commitment to a multidimensional understanding, ensuring that our research not only delves into the technical aspects but also embraces the socio-cultural and ethical dimensions of inclusive ASR/NLP for Black AAVE speakers.


